In the last video, you saw how
the right bounding boxes for
an image can be ambiguous.
Let's take a look at some more
label ambiguity examples.
We briefly touched on
speech recognition in the
first week of this course.
Here's another example.
Given this audio clip,
sounds like someone
was standing on
a busy road side asking for
the nearest gas station
and then a car drove past.
Did they say something
right after that?
I don't know. One way to
transcribe this would be
"Um, nearest gas station."
In some places, people
spell "um" with two m's.
That would be a different
way to spell it.
We could have used dot-dot-dot or
ellipses instead of
the comma as well,
which would be another ambiguity.
Or given the audio had
noise after the last words.
Nearest gas station.
Did they say something
after nearest gas station?
I'm not sure actually.
Would you transcribe
it like this instead?
There are combinatorially
many ways to transcribe this.
With one M or two M's,
comma or ellipses,
whether to write unintelligible
at the end of this.
Being able to standardize
on one convention will
help your speech
recognition algorithm.
Let's also look an example
of structured data.
A common application in
many large companies
is user ID merge.
That's when you have
multiple data records that
you think correspond to
the same person and you want to
merge these user data
records together.
For example, say you
run a website that
offers online listings of jobs.
This may be one data record that
you have from one of
your registered users
with the email,
first name, last
name and address.
Now, say your company acquires
a second company that runs
a mobile app that
allows people to login,
to chat and get advice from each
other about their resumes.
It seems synergistic
for your business.
If you run a listing
of online jobs,
maybe you merge or acquire
a second company that runs
a mobile app that lets
people chat about
their resumes and
from this mobile app,
you have a different
database of users.
Given this data
record and this one,
do you think these two
are the same person?
One approach to the
User ID merge problem,
is the use of supervised
learning algorithm that takes as
inputs to user data
records and tries to
outputs either one or
zero based on whether it
thinks these two are actually
the same physical human being.
If you have a way to get
ground true data records,
such as if a handful
of users are willing
to explicitly link
the two accounts,
then that could be a good set of
labeled examples to
train an algorithm.
But if you don't have such
a ground true set of data,
what many companies have
done is ask human labors,
sometimes a product
management team
to just manually look
at some pairs of
records that have
been filtered to have
maybe similar names
or similar ZIP codes,
and then to just use human
judgment to determine
if these two records appear
to be the same person.
Because whether these
two records really
is the same person, is
genuinely ambiguous.
They may and they may not be
different people will label
these records inconsistently.
If there's a way to just get them
to label the data a
little more consistently,
you see some examples
of how to do this later
even when the ground
truth is ambiguous,
then that can help
the performance of your
learning algorithm.
User ID merging is
a very common function
in many companies.
Let me just ask you to please do
this only in ways
that are respectful
of the users data and
their privacy and only if
you're using the data in a way,
consistence with what they
have given you permission for.
User privacy is really important.
A few other examples
from structured data.
If you are trying to use
the learning algorithm to
look at the user account like
this and predict is it a
bot or a spam account?
Sometimes that can be ambiguous.
Or if you look at
a online purchase,
is this a 40-length transaction?
Has someone stolen
accounts and is using
stolen accounts to interact
with your websites or
to make purchases?
Sometimes that too is ambiguous.
Or if you look at
someone's interactions
with your website
and you want to know,
are they looking for a new job at
this moment in time based on
how someone behaves on
a job board website
or a resume chat app,
you can sometimes guess if
they're looking for a job,
but it's hard to be sure.
That's also a little
bit ambiguous.
In the face of
potentially very important and
valuable prediction
tasks like these,
the ground truth
can be ambiguous.
If you ask people to take
their best guess at
the ground truth label
for tasks like these,
giving labeling instructions
that results in
more consistent and less
noisy and less random labels
will improve the performance
of your learning algorithm.
When defining the data for
your learning algorithm,
here are some
important questions.
First, what is the input x?
For example, if you are trying to
detect defects on smart phones,
for the pictures you're taking,
is the lighting good enough?
Is the camera
contrast good enough?
resolution good enough?
If you find that you have a
bunch of pictures like these,
which are so dark,
it's hard even for a person
to see what's going on.
The right thing to
do may not be to
take this input x
and just label it.
It may be to go to
the factory and
politely request
improving the lighting
because it is only with
this better image quality
that the labor can then
more easily see scratches
like this and label them.
Sometimes if your sensor or
your imaging solution or
your audio recording
solution is not good enough,
the best thing you
could do is recognize
that if even a person can't
look at the input and
tell us what's going on,
then improving the quality of
your sensor or improving
the quality of the input x,
that can be an
important first step
to ensuring your
learning algorithm
can have reasonable performance.
For structured data problems,
defining whether the
features to include can
have a huge impact on
your learning
algorithm's performance.
For example, for user ID merge,
if you have a way of getting
the user's location,
even a rough GPS location.
If you have permission
from the user to use that,
can be a very useful tool
for deciding whether
two user accounts actually
belong to the same person.
Of course, please do this type
of thing only if you have
permission from the user to
use their data this way.
In addition to
defining the input x,
you also have to figure out what
should be the target label y.
As you've seen from the
preceding examples,
one key question is,
how can we ensure labels
give consistent labels?
In the last video and this video,
you saw a variety
of problems with
the labels being ambiguous
or in some cases,
the input x not being
sufficiently informative,
such as an image is too dark.
Let's take these
data issues and put
them into more
systematic framework.
That will allow us to devise
solutions in a more
systematic way.
Let's go on to the next
video to take a look.